Move getting started with flytesnacks to flytecookbook (#312)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/docs/index.rst

The user guide covers all of the key features of Flyte organized by topic. Each of the sections
below introduces a topic and discusses how you can use Flyte to address a specific problem.

Code for all of the examples in the user guide be found `here <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks>`_.

If this is your first time using Flyte, check out the
`Getting Started <https://docs.flyte.org/en/latest/getting_started.html>`_ guide.

`Flytesnacks <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks>`_ comes with a highly customized environment to make running,
documenting and contributing samples easy. If this is your first time running these examples, follow the guide below
(:ref:`Setting up your environment to run the examples`) to get started.

********

> Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table of Contents
```

Author: done

#. Register all examples from cookbook/core into the cluster. This step compiles your python code into the intermediate
   flyteIdl language and store them on the control plane running inside the cluster.

   .. prompt:: bash

      REGISTRY=cr.flyte.org/flyteorg make fast_register

   .. note::
      If the images are to be re-built, run ``make register`` command.

#. Let's launch our first execution from the UI. Visit `the console <http://localhost:30081/console/projects/flytesnacks/domains/development/workflows/core.flyte_basics.hello_world.my_wf>`_, click launch.

#. Give it a minute and once it's done, check out "Inputs/Outputs" on the top right corner to see your greeting.

   .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/flyte/static-resources/img/flytesnacks/tutorial/exercise.gif
      :alt: A quick visual tour for launching a workflow and checking the outputs when they're done.

      A quick visual tour for launching a workflow and checking the outputs when they're done.

.. admonition:: Recap

  You have successfully:

  #. Run a flyte workflow locally,
  #. Run a flyte sandbox cluster,
  #. Run a flyte workflow on a cluster.

>   .. rubric:: 🎉 Congratulations, let's explore flyte features through :ref:`Examples` 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. rubric:: 🎉 Congratulations, now you can interactively explore Flyte's features that are outlined in the :ref:`Table of Contents` 🎉
```

Author: done

   Extending flyte <auto/core/extend_flyte/index>

> .. TODO: add the following sections when they are complete:

Reviewer 2: We can just drop
This todo
